not far away a calf has been born to an
experienced 36 year old female
it's amazing because Brunelleschi's
literally about to pop and then this
other baby's beautiful so that's a sure
sign i think of rain coming not too far
off
for our new baby you see what's Exodus
that's the little boy he really looks
like a little butterfly has just come
out of his Christmas if his ears still
all folded over at the top it's almost
like he's popped out and it's opened up
his wings and they're still drying in
the Sun
she's a wise old matriarch who will lead
them through the tough times keep them
out of danger as best she can
maybe they're going down into the river
now not being getting really hot on
thirsty especially when he's so little
but when they're this young they have
absolutely no control over their trunk
so it's quite difficult for him to
manage himself coming down near water
and all this will be a completely new
experience that he's never had before
you know when you're a little elephant
it's really hard to control your trunk
because there's hundreds and thousands
of muscles in there it takes about six
months for them to actually get a handle
on how to to move things around and use
the tips to pick things up and even
drink out of it that takes a long time
to master
I think Samburu is a test case in a way
of what can happen in the rest of Africa
that we've been hit very badly by
poaching but that we seem to be coming
out of the worst of it now and that so
long as the baths succeed the deaths
population can grow again and it can
recover and so if we here in this part
of Africa are able to protect our
elephants properly and if we're able to
deter the poachers if we're able to to
take cases through the courts and get
people prosecuted successfully and put
away and show that people cannot get
away with killing elephants or handling
ivory then things are going to be good
things we look up the elephants